
mercedes-amg is setting a further landmark in the brand history: the new c63 coupé is the next step on the way to yet more technical and visual distinctiveness. the far-reaching technical modifications are evident at first sight: strikingly flared front and rear wheel arches, an increased track width and larger wheels give the coupé a muscular look while at the same time providing a basis for the highly agile longitudinal and lateral dynamics. the brand’s typical “driving performance” is taken to new heights also with the c63 coupé. the amg 4.0-litre v8 biturbo engine with 350 kw / 476 hp or 375 kw / 510 hp is just as much a completely in-house development from affalterbach as, for example, the sophisticated amg ride control suspension with electronically controlled shock absorbers, the set-up of the amg dynamic select transmission modes, the rear-axle limited-slip differential or the dynamic engine mounts.
the mercedes-amg c63 coupé already fascinates at first glance with its impressive proportions. the expressive exterior design differs significantly from the mercedes-benz model, which shares merely the same doors, roof and boot lid. the powerful 8-cylinder engine, together with the increased track width on the front and rear axles, calls for a redesigned front end and a model-specific rear assembly as well as new side walls. the flared wheel arches make the amg coupé 64 millimetres wider at the front and 66 millimetres wider at the rear, enabling the vehicle to hug the road better.
the larger wheel arches allow the use of wider tyres (up to 255 millimetres on the front axle and up to 285 millimetres on the rear axle), contributing to improved lateral acceleration, traction and agility. under the outer skin, the body structure has been reinforced in key areas to transfer and compensate the extreme longitudinal and lateral forces from the powertrain and suspension. there is also the model-specific rear axle carrier.
source: mercedes-benz press release


engine: 4.0l v8 twin turbo
weight: 1,725 kg / 3,803 lbs
power: 375 kw / 502 hp / 510 ps
0-62 mph: 3.9 seconds
torque: 700 nm / 516 lb-ft
top speed: 308 kph / 191 mph
