
mercedes is bringing its formula 1 engine technology to its new hyper car, the very fast project one. this could be the closest anyone has ever gotten to a formula 1 car for the road. the engine sounds very similar to that which lewis hamilton has in the back of his racer. the 1.6l v6 uses a single turbocharger revving to a crazy 11,000 rpm, and generating 603 hp on its own. all very impressive for such a small engine. in addition to the v6, there are four electric motors all combining to push the total power output to 1,086 hp. two electric motors power the front wheels, one is attached to the v6 engine’s crank, and the last one is fitted within the turbocharger itself. the last one acts like the formula 1 mgu-h (motor generator unit – heat) and is designed to remove any turbo lag, as it spins up the turbocharger up to 100,000 rpm, when engine speed drops.
mercedes-amg have decided that in keeping all that power in check, it would be wise to use an is all-wheel-drive setup, with torque vectoring as well. this will help in translating all that power in a direction of the driver’s choosing. xtrac has supplied the gearbox with an hydraulically actuated eight-speed automated manual paddleshift unit.
“the mercedes-amg project one is the first formula 1 car with mot approval. our highly efficient hybrid assembly stems from motor racing and the electrically powered front axle generates a fascinating mixture of performance and efficiency. with a system output of over 1,000 hp and a top speed beyond 350 km/h this hypercar handles exactly as it looks: it takes your breath away”, ola källenius says, member of the daimler ag board of management responsible for group research and mercedes-benz cars development.
“the mercedes-amg project one is the hottest and coolest car we have ever designed. it combines our design philosophy of sensual purity with the performance of our formula 1 racing cars and is the perfect embodiment of performance luxury,” says gorden wagener, chief design officer daimler ag. “this hypercar’s extreme design marks a milestone in design there are no lines, and the interior is stripped down to the essentials.”


engine: 1.6l v6 turbo hybrid
weight: 1,200 kg / 2,645 lbs
power: 810 kw / 1,086 hp / 1,100 ps
0-62 mph: less than 3.0 seconds
torque: 900 nm / 664 lb-ft
top speed: 350+ kph / 217+ mph
